helpme hobbykids
help me my poor little kitty has a bad
boo-boo we were looking for doc
McStuffins to help fix her up but I
can't find her in all these surprise
play-doh toy eggs can anybody help me
please uh-oh this poor little kitty
doesn't feel good I can try and help her
I have a little doctor's kit comes with
two band-aids two casts a scope a needle
thermometer it actually makes noise
blood pressure takers tweezers a
stethoscope and a carrying case for
everything your kitty said that her head
doesn't hurt it's just fine but she has
a little boo-boo on her paw oh thank you
for telling me what she said you're so
helpful
hey guys can we open up one surprise toy
before we get started
kitty said that's fine oh good I want to
open up this one you guys know who this
is of course they do darling
everybody knows who I am now hurry up
and get her boo-boo fixed always the
diva well first let me check to make
sure her heart is doing okay
yep completely normal now I'm gonna
check her ears all clear she just has a
little scratch on her paw so I'm gonna
give her a band-aid
thank you so much for helping my kitty
hmm I wonder where doc mcstuffins is
doctor dog
yay we found her thanks for helping out
everybody we'll see you guys on the next
video real soon bye
I'm hobby mom thanks for joining me be
sure to click on one of these videos to
watch more